(forlorn guitar music)
- [Nana] They say the more
you fight with someone,
the closer you are to them.
But ultimately, fighting
is nothing more than egos
slamming into each other.
Just cause you may have
revealed your true feelings
doesn't mean people are
gonna understand you better.
I know it's impossible to go
through life
without ever getting hurt,
but I realized that I
had to try my hardest
to live without hurting
the people around me.
I finally figured that out.
(energetic rock music)
(people chattering)
(phone ringing)
(traffic bustling)
(phone beeping)
- Good morning, Reira, how are
you doing?
I hope you slept well.
- Yeah, I didn't take any of
those pills
so I don't feel so
knocked out this morning.
- Oh, I'm glad to hear that,
'cause we've got a full day
today
of interviews and
radio talk shows.
- A full day?
- Yup.
This morning, you have an
interview here in the hotel
with a woman's magazine.
This afternoon, you've got a
bunch
of music magazine
interviews.
Three on your own and two
quickies with the whole band.
Then tonight...
I'm so sorry for cramming
all this into one day.
- (sighs) The recording
got pushed back
because I wasn't feeling well.
I'm the one who should
be apologizing.
- It's okay.
- Can I jump in the shower?
Is there enough time for that?
- Of course.
Hair and makeup should be
here in about half an hour.
What would you like to have
for breakfast?
- Just order something
from room service,
whatever you think is good.
- Sure.
Huh?
- Huh?
(necklace rattles)
(gentle music)
You left it on purpose,
didn't you?
(Reira chuckles)
- [Nana] I didn't have
to work that day,
and I slept soundly
in Ren's arms
for the first time in
a long time.
I woke up feeling that all
my problems had melted away.
Damn, I left my umbrella
at Ren's place.
Tell him I won't be
seeing him for a while.
I bet Nobu never even
told him anything.
What's that guy good for anyway?
- Is your pride that
important to you?
- There, there.
Until Blast really makes it big,
I don't think I'll ever get over
my feelings for Ren
and Trapnest.
(rain pattering)
But when I'm with him,
I always just dive right
back in like this
'cause I love him.
It's that simple.
The strawberry glasses are no
longer
in the kitchen cupboard.
I couldn't believe Hachi
would've taken my glass too.
But then I realized that
they were both broken.
And that made me feel terrible.
(rain pattering)
- The truth is those two
strawberry glasses broke.
(Nana gasps)
Takumi told me, "Your lady's
got anger management problems.
Get her under control."
- Under control?
- Takumi said that when she saw
the broken pieces on the
floor, Hachiko freaked out
and it took forever to
get her to calm down.
I guess they thought that
you broke them on purpose.
And it is kind of
hard to believe
that they were both
broken by accident.
It's not hard to understand
why Hachiko would leave
without saying anything.
Those glasses were
precious to her.
Breaking them was like
a message saying,
"I never wanna have anything
to do with you again."
- Goddamn it, I didn't
mean it that way.
- [Ren] Then what way
did you mean it?
- I don't know.
- You really don't
remember, do you?
And what about drowning
your cell phone?
- [Nana] (sighs) Sorry for that.
And it was so sweet of
you to buy it for me.
I don't know what came over me.
- Nah, don't worry
about the phone.
We can always go
buy another one.
- Geez, I can't believe I
lost all my phone numbers
and email addresses.
I should have written
them down somewhere.
- [Ren] Well I bet the
few friends you have
are friends of mine too.
You want their numbers?
Here.
- Huh, yeah, thanks.
- I've gotta recharge it.
- Ah!
(lighter thumps)
(charger bangs)
- Do it, right now.
- I can't, I gotta get outta
here.
You've got practice tonight
at the studio anyway, right?
Just ask 'em all for
their numbers then.
- But I need to call
her right away.
- Why don't you just go
to her place and see her?
Hachiko's got morning
sickness and it's raining.
I'm sure she'll be home.
- She's in Shirogane?
302?
That's the same number
as Ren's place.
Ren, give me a ride
to the station.
- The Shirogane Station?
- No, the one close to here.
I've gotta buy those
glasses first.
- Hmm.
- [Nana] No matter how many
times I think it through,
I can't get over how
careless I was.
But it was raining like crazy,
and I didn't have my umbrella.
I can tell you a million other
excuses I've told myself.
The truth is I just had
to see Hachi right then.
(somber music)
(footsteps clacking)
(camera clicking)
(car engine rumbling)
- [Cameraman] Oh,
that was lucky.
Thank God for this rain.
- [Nana] The trigger
that alters one's fate
can be pulled in an instant.
(phone beeping)
- Good afternoon, Mrs.
Ichinose, are you going out?
- Yes, would you be able to
call a taxi for me please?
- [Concierge] Certainly, mam.
Where to?
- [Mrs. Ichinose] To
Shirogane Station.
(somber music)
(footsteps thumping)
(rain pattering)
- This sucks.
I can't find it.
It's supposed to be right around
here.
Ren said it'd be 20
minutes from the station.
It feels like it's been at least
an hour.
Excuse me, I'm looking for this
address,
do you happen to know where it
is?
(car engine rumbling)
(buttons beeping)
I just have to act normal,
like nothing ever happened.
Hachi thinks I've taken Nobu's
side and I'm mad at her.
(sighs) That's because she
thinks of me
as some kind of hero of justice.
But the hero is always on
the side of the heroine
no matter what.
I'll show her that.
(doorbell rings)
Sorry, Nobu.
(Paper rustling)
Um, excuse me, the person
I came to see
doesn't seem to be at home.
When she comes back, can you
please give this to her for me?
- Of course I can.
And which suite number
is the package for, mam?
- Suite 302.
- Oh.
- Huh?
- I'm sorry, there's no one
living
in suite 302 at the moment.
Perhaps you have the
wrong number.
(rain pattering)
- [Nana] 302 is the same
number as Ren's place.
There's no way I could
have gotten that wrong.
(lighter clicks)
- [Server] Excuse me?
- Hmm.
- [Server] Smoking's not allowed
in here.
(Shin sighs)
- Uh. (giggles)
- Nana Komatsu?
I'm sorry, but there's no one
living
in this building by that name.
- That's impossible.
She told me just the other
day that she moved in.
Wait, it's probably under
Takumi's name.
What's his last name?
Is Takumi even his real name?
How the hell should I
know Takumi's real name?
Takumi from Trapnest and my
friend live in apartment 302.
You don't have to lie about
it 'cause I already know.
- [Concierge] There's no one
living here
that goes by that name.
I'm sorry, but I'm going to
have to ask you to leave.
(rain pattering)
- [Nana] Damn it.
I bet that stupid concierge
thinks I'm a Takumi stalker.
Of all people, Takumi.
- [Concierge] I'm sorry,
there's no one living
in suite 302 at the moment.
- [Nana] Cutting everyone off
without letting them explain
anything.
Leave it to Takumi to come up
with that kind of way
to isolate her.
Anyone who stops by will just
think they made a mistake
with the address and walk away.
Poor Hachi, she's stuck
here living in a place
that's supposed to
be unoccupied.
She's like a ghost who
doesn't realize she's dead.
She exists only for Takumi
and her baby.
Hachi, is that really how
you wanna live?
- Seriously, you're getting
married?
- Mm-hmm.
- So does that mean
you're pregnant?
- Not hard to figure out, huh?
- Well, that's just because
I can't think
of any other reason why Takumi
would ask you to marry him.
Are you sure it is Takumi's?
- I think so.
- Get an abortion.
Tell Takumi everything
that's happened
and break up with him.
It's not like you're
gonna magically be happy
as soon as you get
married, you know?
- Well, Takumi already
knows everything.
- He knows and he still
wants to get married?
I don't believe it!
- Huh, but, well, we're
getting married
'cause we both accept the
situation and each other.
I'm totally weird, huh?
Takumi's a pretty weird guy too.
- Nah, obviously I'm not
someone who should judge
what's weird or wrong
about anything.
You probably shouldn't
listen to what I say.
- Do you think maybe your
family situation
is like the situation
I'm in now?
Shin, everyone's been keeping
this whole thing a
secret from you.
And part of the reason
is because they don't
wanna talk about me.
I also get the feeling
it's 'cause they're trying
to avoid hitting a sore
spot for you.
I was gonna keep it a
secret from you too.
I knew you'd be against
me having the baby.
But then I started thinking
that is why I should
tell you the whole story.
I sort of feel like I know
what your mother went through.
It must have been really
difficult for her.
But in the end, I believe
that she still wanted
to have you, Shin.
- I know that already.
You don't need to talk
to me as if I'm a child.
(bell rings)
- Oh.
Then, can you tell me something?
I wanna know what it
was that made you feel
like your mother should never
have given birth to you.
Because I don't want my child
ever believing something
like that.
But if the baby isn't
really Takumi's,
I think it'll hurt him
in some way.
And what if they don't
look the same?
I bet at some point the
kid will think it's weird
and get suspicious.
But no matter what happens,
I have to hope
that if we do our best to
try and make this work,
we'll have a chance, a
chance to be a happy family.
Is that wishful thinking?
- Yeah, it is.
But listen, you shouldn't care
about what I think anyway.
Even if there are
some similarities,
things will be different for you
'cause you're different people.
You've gotta do whatever
you believe is right.
- Yeah, I'm sorry.
- The truth is I wish I'd been
born as your child, Hachi.
(Hachi gasps)
(Hachi sobs)
- Shinichi Okazaki, his
mother committed suicide
shortly after he was born.
As for who his real father is,
I don't think we'll ever know.
If you want, I can dig
further into this,
but since it happened
overseas, it'll be difficult,
and it'll take a lot of time.
- No, this is all I
need on this kid.
What I want you to find out now
is what happened to
Nana Osaki's mother.
- Thank you, I appreciate it.
You know, this story is a waste
unless Blast releases an
album on a major label.
- Just wait and see.
These kids are gonna be big.
- But Gaia seems to be in
no hurry to make it happen.
- That's why I'm gonna
make it happen.
- Even if they put out
a debut single,
it won't sell.
I mean, if their image is good,
they'll attract the idiot fans,
but the real music
fans will hate them.
Anyway, they're-
- Shut up!
You think you're a music critic?
The truth is what the people
want has never changed.
They want a juicy story.
We got stupid kids nowadays
deluding themselves
into thinking they're
great artists.
It makes me sick.
And let me tell you,
a world ruled
by a goody-goody honor
roll band like Trapnest
is one big yawn.
I just wanna smash that
idiot Takumi's face in.
Anyway, I'm looking forward
to tomorrow's media circus.
We're gonna open
everyone's eyes.
- But the next search issue
comes out in a couple of days.
- I sold half the story
to a TV station.
They were drooling
over my scenario
and practically handed over
their wallets.
- So all this was
just to line your own pockets?
- I'm just trying to
boost business and sell
more magazines.
After the world's been glued to
the TVs
watching this love story break,
they're gonna jump all
over our exclusive photos.
- [Man] Huh, you got
them together?
- You better believe it.
- [Nana] I waited for Hachi
in front of her new building
until the sun went down,
but I never saw her.
(button beeping)
I'll come back tomorrow
after work.
I've got a little time before
practice.
I'll get her number from Yasu
so we don't miss each
other like this again.
It's not like I'll never see
her for the rest of my life.
There's always tomorrow.
- [Hachi] Sorry I talked your
ears off,
but I'm glad we got to
talk about things.
- In my experience, housewives
are always desperate
for someone to talk to.
Don't isolate yourself at
home thinking about your baby.
You gotta get out and do
things, you know?
- Now that I think about
it, you're right.
The only time I go out
is for groceries
or my doctor appointments.
- Why don't you take a
class or something?
You might make some new friends.
- Great idea!
Well then, good luck
at practice, Shin.
- It's not that important.
Some things are just impossible,
no matter what you do.
- Hey, don't talk like that.
I know that someday
Blast is gonna rule Japan
and then the whole world!
- Hmm.
Well then, Madam, let's meet
again
when your husband's not around.
- Uh, yeah.
- (gasps) Hey, Shin?
- Huh?
(brooding music)
- How's Nobu doing?
- Huh?
He just plays guitar all the
time.
Sometimes it's so loud
I can't even sleep.
- [Nana] I can't wait for
tomorrow.
I hope it's a sunny day.
(clock ringing)
(footstep thumping)
- Ow!
- Oh, sorry, I didn't see you.
- (grunts) Seven o'clock?
He just went to bed, and now
he's getting up for work?
How does he do it?
(lighter clicks)
- I can't believe you're
watching your own video
first thing in the morning.
- No, it's not a video,
we're on TV.
- Yeah, right.
- This is channel seven.
- That channel has a morning
show on this time of day.
- [Announcer] Good morning!
Welcome to Seven in the Morning.
The big buzz is that Ren Honjo,
guitarist of Trapnest,
has a girlfriend.
Sorry, ladies.
She's a singer in Ren's
former band, Blast,
who'll be releasing
their debut single
with Gaia sometime soon.
(foreboding music)
- [Nana] From that day
on, when the sky cleared,
and the spotlight was
suddenly pointing at us,
we found ourselves standing
not on a stage, but in a ring.
I can still hear the cheers
and jeers ringing in my head,
loud and annoying.